= ruby-vorbis_comment

ruby-vorbis_comment is a Ruby library for manipulating Vorbis comments.
It wraps libvorbis and libogg, so it should be completely standards
compatible. Vorbis comment is the standard tagging format for Ogg Vorbis,
FLAC, and Speex files.

This library tries to be API compatible with ruby-apetag, a library for
reading and writing APE tags, the standard tagging format for Musepack and
Monkey's Audio, which can also be used with MP3s as an alternative to ID3v2.

= Usage

   require 'vorbis_comment'

   vc = VorbisComment.new('file.ogg')

   # Whether file already has an vorbis comment
   vc.exists?

   # A CICPHash of fields, keys are strings, values are lists of strings
   vc.fields

   # String suitable for pretty printing
   vc.pretty_print

  # Update the tag with the added/changed/deleted fields
   vc.update{|fields| fields['Artist']='Test Artist'; fields.delete('Year')}

   # Clear the list of vorbis comments from the file
   vc.remove!

= Building

To build the library, run <tt>rake build</tt>.  To run the tests for the library
after building, run <tt>rake</tt>.

= Support

If you find any bugs, would like additional documentation, or want to submit a
patch, please use GitHub (https://github.com/jeremyevans/ruby-vorbis_comment/issues).
One known bug is that it doesn't like files less than 8K in size.

The RDoc for the project is available on http://ruby-vorbiscomment.jeremyevans.net

The most current source code can be accessed via github
(http://github.com/jeremyevans/ruby-vorbis_comment/).  Note that 
the library isn't modified on a regular basis, so it is unlikely to be
different from the latest release.

If called from the command line, `vorbis_comment.rb` prints out the contents of the
Vorbis comments for the given filename arguments.
